AND THIS IS "THE FIVE."
>> ♪ ♪
>> SPEAKER NANCY PELOSI IS
FACING QUESTIONS ABOUT HOW MUCH
CONTROL SHE HAS OVER HER NEW
PARTY.
THE FINAL ANTI-HATE MEASURE DID
NOT MENTION OMAR BY NAME.
TELLING FOX NEWS OUR PROBLEMS
ARE CALLED BY 3 PEOPLE.
KEVIN MCCARTHY BLASTED NANCY
PELOSI FOR FAILING TO REIN IN
HER NEW NUMBERS.
>> THE NEW DEMOCRATIC SOCIALIST
SWING OVERTOOK THEIR OWN
LEADERSHIP.
>> THIS IS NOT THE DEMOCRATIC
PARTY WE HAVE COME TO KNOW.
THE TRANSITION IS NOW COMPLETE.
THE DEMOCRATS, SOCIALIST WING OF
THE PARTY CONTROLS THEIR OWN
LEADERSHIP.
>> BRIAN, NANCY PELOSI REALLY
OWES HER NEW SPEAKERSHIP TO THE
NEW FIRE BRANDS BUT TO THE
MODERATE THAT WON IN SWING
DISTRICTS AND BEAT REPUBLICANS.
NOW IT'S LIKE THE ONLY ONE THAT
CAN GET ATTENTION ARE THE
FRESHMAN MEMBERS MAKING A LOT OF
NOISE.
>> IT'S UNBELIEVABLE.
IN THE BEGINNING IT WAS LIKE
LOOK HOW POWERFUL SHE IS.
THEY THOUGHT CAN SHE GO TO THE
MIDDLE TO MAKE SURE THE
MODERATES KEEP THEIR SEATS.
NOW THE STORY IS HOW DID SHE GET
THIS SO OUT OF CONTROL SO THEY
NEEDED A RESOLUTION THAT SAYS
ANTI-SEMITISM IS WRONG.
NOW WE HAVE A SITUATION WHERE
SOMEBODY TOLD US, THIS MINNESOTA
FRESHMAN, OMAR, WHEN SHE SAID, I
WILL LET YOU CHANGE THE RULES
BECAUSE I WILL BE WEARING THIS
HEADDRESS.
181 YEARS NO ONE COULD WEAR
ANYTHING ON THEIR HEADS.
NOW THEY SAID LINDSEY GRAHAM IS
COMPROMISED.
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE?
WE FIND OUT ABOUT HER PAST
TWEETS AND BACK TRACKING.
NO ONE CAN REIN THEM IN.
I THOUGHT SHE CHOSE IN THE
BEGINNING NOT TO, NOW I REALIZE
SHE CAN'T.
>> THIS IS A DEFINING MOMENT OR
DO YOU THINK NOW THEY CAN PULL
THINGS BACK TOGETHER?
>> I DON'T THINK THEY HAVE
GOTTEN PAST.
IT THE RESOLUTION WAS A JOKE.
EVEN DEMOCRATS CRITICIZED IT
EVEN A JEWISH MEMBER OF CONGRESS
CALLED THEM OUT FOR FAILING TO
ADDRESS ANTI-SEMITISM.
NANCY PELOSI IS FACING THIS BIG
CHALLENGE.
THE PARTY IS GEARING TOWARDS THE
LEFT.
YOU LOOK AT MEDICARE FOR ALL
THAT BERNIE SANDERS INTRODUCED
IN 2016.
THAT WAS CONSIDERED OUTSIDE OF
THE MAINSTREAM.
NOW YOU SEE THE FRONT RUNNERS
FOR THE 2020 PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION EMBRACING IT.
YOU LOOK AT THE GREEN DEAL.
THE PARTY IS GOING TO THE LEFT.
THE PROBLEM FOR DEMOCRATS IS A
LOT OF THESE MODERATE DEMOCRATS
WHO REPRESENT REPUBLICAN LEANING
DISTRICTS WHO COULD BE JEOPARDY
IN 2020 AND ALIENATING
INDEPENDENT VOTERS IN 2020 AND
CRITICAL STATES THAT DEMOCRATS
NEED TO WIN.
>> EVEN NANCY PELOSI SHE TAPPED
THE BRAKES ON IMPEACHMENT AND
MEDICARE FOR ALL AND THE GREEN
DEAL.
YET THAT'S GETTING ALL THE
ATTENTION.
>> THAT'S THE MEDIA.
THAT'S A LEGITIMATE THING.
THIS IS A CONTROVERSY.
THIS IS WHAT PEOPLE ARE TALKING
ABOUT.
TO MY MIND, THE BIG SLIP UP HERE
IS WE WOULD BE DISCUSSING THINGS
LIKE THE REPUBLICAN REVOLT
AGAINST THE PRESIDENT ON THE
EMERGENCY CLAIM FOR THE BORDER.
OR WE WOULD BE TALKING ABOUT THE
DEMOCRATIC BILL WHICH TRIES TO
LAYOUT NEW RULES WITH REGARD TO
ETHICES AND CAMPAIGNS AND
VOTING.
THEY HAVE RUN OVER WHAT PELOSI
WANTED TO BE THE MESSAGE AT THIS
TIME.
I WILL SAY THIS, I THINK PELOSI
DID A GREAT JOB.
I DON'T THINK SHE SURROUND THE
PRESSURE YOU DESCRIBE.
SHE HELD HER CAUCUS TOGETHER.
>> SHE SAID IF YOU WON'T LISTEN
TO ME I WILL LEAVE.
SHE LEFT.
>> 23 VOTES WENT AGAINST THIS
RESOLUTION.
NOT ONE, NOT EVEN PEOPLE SAID BE
MORE SPECIFIC ABOUT
ANTI-SEMITISM.
NOT ONE DEMOCRAT VOTED AGAINST
IT.
IF THEY HAD SPLIT WE WOULD
REALLY BE FOCUSSED ON PEOPLE
ESPECIALLY IF A JEWISH MEMBER
VOTED AGAINST THIS RESOLUTION.
>> LET'S GET GREG IN HERE.
>> NO, THANK YOU.
I AM LOOKING FORWARD TO THE
MICHAEL JACKSON SEGMENT.
OMAR SLAMMED PRESIDENT OBAMA
TODAY.
>> OMAR SAYS THE HOPE AND CHANGE
OFFERED BY BARACK OBAMA WAS A
MIRAGE.
THE CAGING EVER KIDS AT THE U.S.
BORDER AND THE DEMOCRATIC
PRESIDENT OPERATED WITH THE SAME
BROKEN FRAMEWORK AS HIS
REPUBLICAN SUCCESSOR AND SAID:
>> ALL RIGHT.
BACK TO WHAT I WAS SAYING.
>> [LAUGHING].
>> MICHAEL JACKSON -- NO ONE IS
SAFE.
INCLUDING PRESIDENT OBAMA.
SHE SLAMMED PRESIDENT OBAMA.
DOESN'T SHE KNOW THAT'S OUR JOB?
>> [LAUGHING].
>> THERE IS TURF IN THIS PLACE.
SHE IS COMING IN OUR TURF.
THIS IS WHAT THEY DID THAT WAS
HILARIOUS AND CLEVER.
THE DEMOCRATS.
SHE DOES SOMETHING WRONG.
SHE HAS A LITANY OF ANTI-SEMITIC
SLURS.
INSTEAD OF PUTTING HER NAME UP
THERE LIKE WITH STEVE KING, THEY
THREW IT INTO A BUCKET OF OTHER
WRONGS WHICH DILUTES THE
CONDEMNATION.
THAT'S THE STRATEGY BY INSERTING
IT WITH OTHER KINDS OF HATE
CRIMES AND HATE THOUGHTS AND SO
ON.
IT'S LIKE TAKED A BRUISED APPLE
AND PUTTING IT IN A PILE WITH
OTHER BRUISED APPLES.
THEY LOOK THE SAME.
>> I THINK THAT'S CLEVER.
I THINK IT'S A WIN FOR HER.
>> NO.
>> A FLAT OUT WIN FOR HER.
>> NO, IT'S CLEVER BECAUSE YOU
HAVE THE REPUBLICANS CAN POINT
TO YOU, AND SAY YOU REPUBLICANS
DIDN'T VOTE FOR AN ANTI-HATE
BILL.
YOU MUST BE HATERS.
WHAT I FIND INTERESTING:
IT'S AMAZING HOW TRADITIONALLY
LIBERAL THE LEFT AND OLD SCHOOL
CONSERVATIVE THE RIGHT IS.
YOU HAVE PEACE TALKS IN NORTH
KOREA.
THE DEMOCRACY CAN'T AGREE ON
ANTI-SEMITISM.
THEY WANT A COLD WAR WITH RUSSIA
AGAIN.
NORTH KOREA AND THE SAUDIS AND
THEY WANT TO SHUTDOWN DIALOGUE
ON CAMPUS.
WE HAVE A FLIP-FLOPPED WORLD.
>> YES.
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU ARE
DEFENDING OBAMA.
>> JUAN, THEY WANT US TO GET
THIS OTHER TOPIC IN.
THE 2020 PRESIDENTIAL HOPEFULS
ARE SPLIT OVER THE PARTY'S
POSITION SHOULD BE.
THE LATEST ELIZABETH WARREN
WANTING TO BREAK UP BIG TECH
GIANTS INCLUDING GOOGLE,
FACEBOOK AND AMAZON.
SHE CLAIMS THEY HAVE TOO MUCH
POWER.
SHE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT THE
POCAHONTAS STUFF.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT SHE WILL GO
ON LEGALLY TO BREAK UP GOOGLE.
YAHOO.
THEY ARE NOT AS GOOD.
TAKE THE MOST SUCCESSFUL THING
ABOUT AMERICA AND DESTROY IT.
THAT'S A GOOD WAY TO RUN.
KAMALA HARRIS WANTS TO LEGALIZE
PROSTITUTION, SHE CAN'T DO THAT.
OR MEDICARE.
SHE'LL PICK OUT SOMETHING ELSE
THAT MAKES HER UNIQUE.
I DON'T THINK THIS WILL RESONATE
WITH ANYONE WHO HAS A RESPECT
FOR THE FREE MARKET.
>> YOU KNOW WHO PEOPLE SHOULD BE
LOOKING AT IS BERNIE SANDERS.
HE IS THE ONLY DEMOCRAT WHO
THREW HIS NAME IN THE HAT THAT
IS GENERATING EXCITEMENT ON THE
LEFT.
YOU ARE SEEING --
>> WHO IS GENUINE.
>> EXACTLY.
HE COMES ACROSS AS AUTHENTIC.
WHEN YOU HAVE SUCH A CROWDED
PRIMARY FIELD UNIQUE SITUATIONS
HAPPEN.
BERNIE SANDERS IS THE ONE THAT
EMERGES AS THE FRONTRUNNER IN
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY.
>> SHE GETS CREDIT FOR DOING
SOMETHING NO ONE ELSE HAS DONE.
>> YOU KNOW WHAT?
SHE IS ALL ABOUT CO-OPTING
SOMEONE ELSE'S CHARACTER.
NOW IT'S AOC.
SHE IS TRYING TO BE AOC.
>> SHE WAS IN LONG ISLAND CITY
MAKING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT.
>> THAT IS FUNNY.
>> [LAUGHING].
>> GET ME A BEER.
>> AND THANKING HER HUSBAND.
>> IT'S DIFFICULT FOR THE
DEMOCRATS.
THEY WERE VERY PRO-THESE
HIGH-TECH FIRMS.
THEY GIVE A LOT OF MONEY TO THE
DEMOCRATS.
WHEN IT COMES TO ISSUES AND WE
HAVE SEEN THIS WEEK WITH
FACEBOOK, LOOKING AT THE PRIVACY
AND TRYING TO REVAMP.
>> THEY KNOW IT'S COMING.
>> I THINK YOU ARE WRONG, BRIAN.
I THINK THERE ARE LOTS OF PEOPLE
IN THIS COUNTRY WHO SAY YOU HAVE
TO REGULATE.
YOU SEE THE EUROPEANS SAYING